Welcome back to the good watch everyone.
My name is Josh and right now the
Federal Reserve just officially cut
interest rates as expected which helped
to push the price of Bitcoin a little
further to the upside in the immediate
short term. But we're still struggling
in this exact area of resistance. This
massive area of resistance that we need
to pay attention to while Ethereum is
flashing yet another warning signal in
the immediate short term that we also
need to pay attention to. while altcoins
like chain link are continuing these
retests and bounce from these crucial
levels of support. So, I'll be talking
about all of that and more later in the
video. So, definitely watch to the end.
First of all, just before taking a look
at the Bitcoin crypto charts today, in
case you missed it, the Federal Reserve
just cut interest rates by 25 basis
points a matter of hours ago. So, that's
reducing interest rates by 0.25%.
And of course, that was the expected
outcome. And that's what I've already
been talking about over the last few
days. That was what was mostly being
priced into the market anyway. And so
obviously if you watched my last few
videos over the last few days here on
this channel, you'll know that we've
been predicting this outcome here. And
of course, if we got that 25 basis point
rate cut, the expectation for the effect
on the market was relatively neutral. Is
what I talked about in my last couple of
videos. I predicted relatively neutral
price action. maybe a little bit of
short-term volatility, but nothing too
significant considering the fact that
this outcome was mostly being priced
into the market already. And so
obviously that has played out in the
short term for the price of Bitcoin in
crypto as predicted. A little bit of
volatility in the immediate short term,
but for the most part relatively
neutral. So with that being said,
getting into the Bitcoin charts today on
the weekly time frame, the super chain
indicator still sitting in the red. Not
much has changed on this chart over the
last 1 day. If we're taking a look at
this weekly Bitcoin price chart, still
have a massive bearish divergence to
watch out for, which is a larger or
longer term bearish signal. Obviously,
it has already been playing out for the
last 2 months or so, lacking bullish
momentum on the larger time frames. But
remember, this is not a short-term
signal. It is possible to see short-term
bullish reliefs and bounces here and
there while we're seeing a lot of
weakness on the much larger time frames
over multiple months. And if we're
taking a look at this 3-day Bitcoin
price chart, a short to midterm signal,
a signal that could play out over maybe
a few weeks or for example, which has
already been playing out over the last
couple of weeks, is of course this
oversold signal in the 3-day Bitcoin
RSI. And the last couple of times, this
signal confirmed in this indicator on
this time frame. We either saw a
sideways consolidation or a bit more of
a bullish relief over just a few weeks
or so. And so once again, at least for
now, that is also technically playing
out in the somewhat shorter term here
and could potentially continue to play
out in the coming days or maybe the next
one or two weeks. And if we're taking a
look at this daily Bitcoin price chart,
of course, in the immediate short term,
we still have this massive obstacle,
which at least so far in the short term
has been preventing the price of Bitcoin
from going any higher in this short-term
bullish relief right here. And of
course, the obstacle I'm talking about
is this major area of resistance still
sitting in between 92,000 to 94,000. And
obviously, if you've been watching my
videos over the last few weeks, you know
that I've been talking about that exact
area of resistance, warning about that
area since before we saw even the first
rejection from that exact area as
predicted. And so, obviously, I continue
to expect that to be acting as
resistance, at least for now in the
short term. And as for support, I would
expect a lot of support at roughly
85,000 give or take if the price were to
actually get back down there. But once
again, the immediate resistance, the
immediate obstacle still in between 92
to 94,000. And if we actually confirm a
breakout eventually above 94,000, so at
least a daily candle close above that
level and actually holding above that
level. In that situation, the next major
target or major point of resistance will
be sitting at close to 100,000 based on
this previous 50% retracement level,
previous significant support flipping
into new resistance at close to 100,000,
more specifically in between 99 to
100,000 as an area of resistance. If we
first of course confirm the breakout
above 94,000, which is the top side of
this area of resistance in between 92 to
94,000. But as I've also discussed over
the last few days, each time we've come
back up to test this area of resistance,
so far for the most part, each time here
we have gone a little further into the
area of resistance and the latest test
gotten very close to a possible
breakout. In fact, briefly seeing a
candle wick above 94,000, but not yet
confirming a breakout. So, at least so
far, each time we are pushing further
and further into the area of resistance
while at least for now, as of recording
the video, still forming higher lows,
which is technically bullish price
structure. And we're actually forming
somewhat of an ascending triangle
pattern with relatively horizontal
resistance, relatively horizontal highs,
and of course, higher lows. And
statistically speaking, an ascending
triangle pattern, this price structure
that we're seeing right now,
statistically is bullish. Roughly
twothirds of the time an ascending
triangle pattern breaks out towards the
upside and about a third of the time it
breaks to the downside. So of course it
can break to the downside. Sometimes
that can happen. That's just simply the
less likely scenario statistically
speaking. And so, at least for now, it
is actually quite likely considering the
oversold signal still actively playing
out in the 3-day time frame. It is quite
likely now that the Fed meeting is
behind us that maybe in the next few
days, maybe within the next week or so.
Obviously, it's hard to say precisely
the exact hour it will happen, but it's
likely that sometime in the next few
days or week, we could attempt a
breakout here above this resistance as a
likely scenario. As always, no
guarantees. And of course, if we first
confirm the breakout above 94,000, the
immediate price target will be this area
of resistance in between 99 to 100,000.
But the technical price target for this
ascending triangle pattern right here.
If of course we first confirm the
breakout above 94,000, that technical
price target will be sitting at around
107,000.
So from the point of the breakout to
that price target, we're talking
potentially around a 14% move towards
the upside approximately and that's with
no leverage. So for example, a 10x
leverage long position be around a 140%
profit in that example, not financial
advice. And so obviously that's
potentially a major trading opportunity
waiting to happen here. Once again, not
yet in play, not yet confirmed. I want
to make that clear. We first need to
confirm the breakout above 94,000. But
now that the Fed meeting is behind us
and it was relatively neutral, very
slightly bullish but relatively neutral
for markets because we really got the
expected outcome and considering the
fact that at least for now the
short-term price structure is
technically more bullish than bearish.
Once again, this is all telling us that
at least in the short term for the next
few days or the next week, it is quite
likely more likely than not that we'll
see an attempt of a breakout here. And
another reason that could also help the
price of Bitcoin with a potential
breakout is of course the fact that we
still have liquidity building above the
price of Bitcoin in the Bitcoin
liquidation heat map. We still have a
decent amount building at roughly 94.7K
to 94.8K.
So keep that in mind as well. That can
also help to pull the price further
towards the upside. And in case you're
wondering, this ascending line of
support for this ascending triangle
pattern is currently sitting at
approximately 88,000 give or take. So
keep that in mind as well. Expect some
support at around 88,000. And of course,
if you haven't done so already, this is
definitely the time to get set up, ready
to go on a crypto exchange to take
advantage of this next major trading
opportunity if you want to. not
financial advice, but if you use the
first link below this video in the
description and in the pinned comment,
that first link will take you to this
page right here over on the Pinex Crypto
Exchange where you can take advantage of
some massive bonuses that are only
available using that link. For example,
if you make an account using that link,
complete KYC, you get a 50 USDT bonus
onto your account, free money from the
exchange. On top of that, if you make
deposits, you could also get free money
from the exchange. If you deposit as
little as $100, you get a $100 deposit
bonus. If you deposit 10,000, you get a
$1,000 bonus onto your Pinex account.
And you can use this money that the
exchange gives you in order to actually
open a trade if you want to. You can use
this money to trade on the exchange
without even risking your own money. You
can use the exchanges money. Then, of
course, if you profit from that trade,
you can withdraw any profits. If you
lose that money, you're not even losing
your money. You're losing the exchanges
money. And so obviously if you're going
to be trading crypto anyway or preparing
to take the next trading opportunity,
you might as well get set up ready to go
using that first link below the video to
take advantage of these major bonuses
here. But if you want a complete no KYC
exchange to take trades, long positions,
short positions, etc. An exchange that I
also use myself. Then for that, check
out the second link below this video in
the description and in the pins comment.
That second link will take you to this
page right here over on the 2bit crypto
exchange where you can also take
advantage of some exclusive deposit
bonuses that are only available using
that link. And on top of that, you can
also have a trade protection and
recovery fund that's also available
using that link. So, for example, if
you're making your account for the first
time during this event right here, then
for your first 7 days of futures
trading, you can get up to 200 USDT in
trial funds as a loss protection. So,
basically, if you're losing money on
your trades, in your first 7 days of
making your account using the link below
the video, then you can potentially get
some of those lost funds back. And on
top of that, if your account gets total
liquidations over 50 USDT during this
event that's running right now, then you
may be eligible for recovery
compensation up to a,000 USDT depending
on your liquidation amount. So
basically, you can be protected from
losses and also take advantage of
exclusive bonuses that are only
available using that link below the
video to Tubbit, the second link below
the video. And remember, Tubbit is also
a no KYC exchange. But with that being
said, taking a quick look at the Bitcoin
dominance chart on the daily time frame.
And right now, the Bitcoin dominance is
still looking very neutral. We're not
looking overly bullish or overly
bearish. We're kind of just bouncing
around relatively sideways, which means
overall, a lot of the major altcoins on
average, of course, there can always be
outliers, but a lot of the major
altcoins on average will likely be
performing very similar to whatever
Bitcoin is doing. So, there's not much
else to add here for the Bitcoin
dominance. Not a lot has changed over
the last one day. So without wasting
your time getting straight into the
price of Ethereum on the daily time
frame and of course just over the last 1
day we've now actually exceeded my exact
price target at around 3.4K. We've now
headed a little higher but we still have
a lot of resistance to watch out for in
between 3.6K to 3.7K.
And as for support, if we were to see
any sort of pullback or set back here in
the short term, expect some support at
around 3250
and a lot of support in between 3,000 to
3.1K if the price were to actually get
back to those levels. But of course, in
the immediate short term, we now have a
new warning signal to pay attention to,
which is of course a new overbought
signal in the 4hour Ethereum RSI. So
obviously just the other day in my last
video I talked about this overbought
signal that only just confirmed about a
day ago and since then obviously we
played out a bit of choppy sideways
price action. So a slight little cool
off up until the Fed meeting which is
what I predicted in my last video. I
said between then in my last video up
until the Fed meeting, expect a bit of a
cool off. And then of course, if we see
the rate cut, that could cause maybe a
slight bullish move, which is exactly
what played out as predicted. But that
slight bullish move has now brought the
RSI back into overbought. We've
confirmed another overbought signal,
which means I'm now predicting another
short-term cool off, which means either
just a slight little pullback or maybe a
sideways consolidation. basically losing
a bit of that bullish momentum. Not
necessarily having a massive crash all
the way back down, but just sort of
cooling off a little bit in the short
term is quite likely just for the next
maybe one or two days, maybe a few days,
but that sort of time frame here in the
short term, expect a little bit of a
cool off like this is what I am now
predicting. And on top of the overbought
signal in the RSI, we also have a little
bit of a bearish divergence also
starting to potentially confirm here
with a higher high already confirmed in
place in the price in the candle closes
and a lower high potentially soon about
to confirm in this 4hour Ethereum RSI
which basically tells us the same sort
of thing as an overbought signal telling
us we're likely just going to cool off
maybe for another one or two days here
in the shorter term. And if we're taking
a look at the price of Salana on the
2-day time frame, obviously just over
the last one day or so, we've now seen
another retest of my exact area of
resistance in between 143 to 147 and
seen a perfect rejection, another exact
struggle from within my area of
resistance. So obviously continue to
expect a lot of resistance in this same
area that I've been talking about for
weeks in between 143 to 147 and continue
to expect a lot of support in between
around 124 to 128. And so obviously this
means the price of Salana is still just
chopping around sideways within a
sideways price range at least in the
shorter term. That is still the
situation right now in between supports
and resistance. Technically the larger
or longerterm price structure is
technically still currently bearish. But
the shorterterm situation talking about
maybe a period of weeks at least for now
is looking relatively neutral. Just
bouncing around sideways between support
and resistance in this sideways price
range. So honestly not a lot has changed
over the last one day for Salana. This
is what I continue to predict moving
forward and so far has been playing out
exactly as predicted for weeks now. So
honestly there's not a lot else to say
here for Salana. So without wasting your
time getting straight into the price of
XRP on the weekly time frame and right
now technically speaking this massive
bearish divergence is still active on
the much larger time frames which is
also something that I warned about at
almost alltime highs. You can even check
my videos back then but at least for now
this has not changed over the last one
day. And if we're taking a look at the
daily XRP price chart, we do have a
smaller bullish divergence or
shorterterm bullish divergence which
just over the last couple of weeks in
the shorter term has been playing out in
the form of mostly choppy sideways price
action. And so obviously just in the
shorter term this has helped to cause a
little bit of just a break from the
larger bearish trend but not necessarily
confirming the end of the larger bearish
trend. It is possible to play out
short-term bullish reliefs, little
bounces here and there or sideways
consolidations during the larger or
longerterm multimonth bearish trend
which is helping to be caused by this
much larger or longer term bearish
divergence on the weekly time frame. And
so as always understand the difference
between the different time frames. The
longerterm situation still not looking
too good here on the weekly time frame,
but the shorterterm situation, at least
for now, still playing out a bit of a
choppy sideways price range. As we can
see, just in the shorter term here, and
especially if Bitcoin, for example,
continues forming this sort of price
action, sort of bouncing around
sideways, squeezing up against this
resistance, we'll likely see something
somewhat similar for XRP and a lot of
major old coins just in the short term
here. And as for support and resistance
to watch out for, continue to expect a
lot of support in between $2 to $25.
And if we break below that, expect some
support at around $1.94 and also some
support at around $182. And expect a lot
of resistance at close to $220. And if
we're taking a quick look at the price
of chain link on the daily time frame,
at least for now in the shorter term,
the price of chain link is still within
this sideways price range between this
support and this resistance. Of course,
this support is based on first of all a
previous Fibonacci level of support
which then was resistance and is now
once again support and that's sitting
really in between 1340 to $1350.
So still expect support around there.
And as for resistance, expect a lot of
resistance at close to pretty much
exactly $15. And especially in between
1520 to 1570, expect a lot of resistance
around there on the price chart. But
that really starts at close to $15. And
technically speaking, this shorterterm
bullish divergence on the daily chain
link price chart is still at least for
now active on the price chart. We've not
yet confirmed an invalidation signal to
properly invalidate this shorterterm
bullish divergence, which means overall
expect either a sideways consolidation
or maybe a little bit more of a bullish
relief in the shorter term in the coming
days, maybe the next one week, that sort
of time frame, which means it's possible
that soon we could see another retest of
some of these levels of resistance. But
remember, continue to expect the price
to struggle around those points of
resistance in the short term if
ultimately we do see another test of
those points right there. But as I said
earlier in the video, a lot of these
major altcoins will likely play out
similar price action. Not the exact same
price action, but similar price action
to whatever Bitcoin is doing. Which
means definitely pay attention to
Bitcoin right here, especially now that
we're still testing this area of
resistance in between 92 to 94,000.
Because obviously if Bitcoin actually
confirms the breakout above 94,000 and
heads up towards these higher price
targets, that can really help a lot of
these major altcoins with possible
breakouts as well. So definitely keep an
eye on what Bitcoin is doing to figure
out what could be likely for a lot of
these major altcoins. And remember, if
you want to get set up, ready to go to
take potential trading opportunities
here, get set up, ready to go using
those links below this video to those
exchanges, if you want to claim the
massive bonuses that are only available
using those links. And if you want to
actually know how you can trade crypto
no matter what the price is doing, then
make sure to watch these videos popping
up right here on your screen. The video
in the top left shows you how you can
profit from bullish or bearish price
action using long positions or shorts
positions. And the video in the bottom
left shows you how you can easily profit
from choppy sideways price action. But
anyway, that is everything that I have
to say for today.